What is your position on the death penalty?
If you were to start a nonprofit, what would its mission be?
Do you like scary movies?
What is your favorite beer?
What is your favorite wine?
What is the worst business idea you've ever heard?
Do you believe the genders are equal?
What's your "type"?
If you had $1 billion, what would you do?
Have you ever hunted or killed your own food?
Do you think it is moral to eat meat?
Boxers or Briefs?
What is the weirdest thing about you that no one knows?
What is your favorite color?
Tell us about three nicknames you have had.
How often do you workout (really)?
What is your favorite sports team?
Would you be more likely to buy an item for its brand or its quality?
PC or Mac?
Do you believe Columbus discovered America?
Do you believe we landed on the moon?
How old should a person be when they find out about the Easter Bunny & Santa Claus?  (Did you just find out?!)
How old should a person be to be able to drink alcohol?
How old should a person be to vote?
How would your friends describe you?
How would your Mom describe you?
How would your Dad describe you?
If you had to choose between 10 other people dying or yourself dying, what would you choose?
If you had to choose between 10,000 other people dying or yourself dying, what would you choose?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever cheated on a girlfriend or boyfriend?
What is the craziest thing you've ever eaten?
If you had to get a tattoo, what would it be of and where would it be?
If you suddenly became President, what is the first thing you would change?
Can you speak any foreign languages? Say "You are an awesome friend." in every language you know!
If you could have an unlimited supply of one food for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you had to give up either cheese or sex, what would you give up?
Do you give money to homeless people?
What is the drunkest you've ever been? Optional: Tell the story!
Do you prefer blondes, brunettes or redheads?
Do you prefer looks or personality?
What is the worst lie you ever told?
Describe your first kiss.
Who has the best hair in the room?
What celebrity do you fancy the most?
Describe your ideal partner.
What is your favorite film and why?
What is your greatest fear?
Do you have any phobias? Of what?
If you could change one aspect of yourself, what would it be?
Do you shower everyday?
Do you brush once or twice every day?
Do you floss? How often?
What Disney movie do you watch when you're feeling like a kid or when you're sick, etc.?
Which Disney prince/princess did you have the hots for when you were a kid?
What do you do to let someone know that you like them?
Do you have a secret talent?
Optional: Demonstrate!
If you had to spend eternity with one person playing this game, who would you choose?
Do you ever sleep with a stuffed toy?
Were you ever really mean to someone? Who?
If you won the lottery and decided to give it all away, who would you give the money to?
What is one thing you do that you never want to get caught doing?
What is your 'spirit animal'? (aka what animal resembles your personality?)
Describe yourself using 3 words.
Who is the most important person in your life right now?
If all the people playing this game were stranded on a desert and fruitless island, who would you eat first?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher? Who?
Have you ever helped to spread a rumor? What was it?
If you could be another person for a day, who would you choose and what would you do?
What is your best physical feature?
If you had to choose to be with someone ugly and rich or attractive and poor, what would you choose?
What is the most disgusting pizza that you can dream up?
Would you ever get plastic surgery?
What do you find attractive that people would not expect?
Name one country you want to visit.
Is there a place that you're afraid to travel? Where?
What is the most embarrassing outfit you've ever worn?
What's the longest you've ever gone without a shower?
Have you ever punched someone?
Do you believe "All is fair in love and war."?
Do you believe in karma?
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe in Canada?
Have you ever stolen something? (Hearts don't count!) Tell the story.
Do you wish you were famous? Why?
Can animals understand when you speak to them?
If you could meet one band in person, what band?
Who was your most influential teacher and why?
Interview prep!: What is your 5-year plan?
Do you prefer South Park or Family Guy?
Would you ever go vegan?
Harvard or Yale?
Cal or Stanford?
Do you fit any stereotypes? Which ones and why?
Are you most like Michelangelo, Raphael, Leonardo, or Donatello?
If you could have a super power, what would it be?
What is your favorite dessert?
What are your thoughts about veal and foie gras?
Do you like Obama?
If your partner was horribly disfigured in an accident, but he/she was fine mentally, would you stay with them?
Would you support your partner if they wanted to get plastic surgery?
If you knew that this is your last day alive, what three things would you do in the day?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done when you were really drunk?
How would your kindergarten teacher describe you?
Have you ever anonymously friended someone on Facebook just because they are attractive?
Do you speak any languages other than English? Say "I like your body" in those languages.
If you could pick one person who is dead to meet for one hour, who would it be?
Have you ever had a really crazy roommate?
What is your favorite city in the whole world?
Where would you want to live when you "settle down"?
How do you know that the Earth is not flat?
What is your favorite animal?
What is the most exotic pet you have ever had?

